Attempt to address spt's comment. (#225)
larseggert/draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes: draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes.md

- Uncivil commentary, regardless of the general subject;

> - Unauthorized messages announcing conferences, events, or activities
>   that are not sponsored or endorsed by the Internet Society or IETF;

Reviewer: "Unauthorized" here raises the question "who can authorize", so maybe

```suggestion
- Messages announcing conferences, events, or activities
  that are not sponsored or endorsed by the Internet Society or IETF,
  unless posted with prior approval of list administrators;
```
